Add assembly for configuring Insights (#4882)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_disabling-hosted-insights.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="disabling-hosted-{insights-id}"]
= Disabling hosted {Insights}

[role="_abstract"]
If you do not want to or cannot use the hosted {Insights} services in the {RHCloud}, you can disable the integration between {Project} and the {RHCloud}.

.Prerequisites

.Procedure
. Disable {Insights} on {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --disable-something
----
. Optional: Disable the RH Cloud plugin on {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----

> # {foreman-installer} --disable-foreman-plugin-rh-cloud

Reviewer: I feel we should mention that this will remove rh-cloud from the foreman instance so hosted and iop will not work since the plugin is removed and the UI elements will go away with that. If they want to switch from hosted to iop then we should just have them do `{foreman-installer} --iop-ensure absent`

Author: If they want to switch, they should follow the _Migrating_ section, not _Disabling_. Perhaps I should clarify.

----
+

> TODO: When is this recommended?

Author: @chris1984 Question for you.

Reviewer: Just checked this might not work how we want, on a satellite `foreman-installer --no-enable-foreman-plugin-rh-cloud` with restarting services did not remove it and trying to remove the package can't be done because it tries to remove the `satellite` package. Let me test on upstream and see how to remove the plugin, and we will need an if block for this section to not show in satellite

Reviewer: Upstream steps:
`foreman-installer --no-enable-foreman-plugin-rh-cloud` to turn off the puppet module for `rh_cloud` so it's not managing anything anymore.
`dnf remove rubygem-foreman_rh_cloud` to remove the package and deps
`foreman-maintain service restart` to restart services and make sure it's removed from Foreman as it Foreman starts up.
This now removes the plugin from about -> plugins. I tested installing it again with `foreman-installer --enable-foreman-plugin-rh-cloud` and it added it back with the rpms

.Verification
* TODO: Add verification steps

.Next steps

> * ??? What to do next?

Author: @chris1984 I could use your help with procedure verifications. Please, take a look at all new procedures and suggest verification steps. Let me know if we also want to suggest Next steps for users, or just remove Next steps.

Reviewer: On upstream Foreman since we can't remove the plugin in Satellite, I would go to about and click on the plugins tab, and verify they do not see `foreman_rh_cloud` in the list. For next steps, I would remove it.

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="disabling-hosted-{insights-id}"]
= Disabling hosted {Insights}

[role="_abstract"]
If you do not want to use the hosted {Insights} services in the {RHCloud}, you can disable the integration between {Project} and the {RHCloud}.

.Prerequisites

> * The RH Cloud plugin is installed on {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Red{nbsp}Hat Cloud plugin is installed on {ProjectServer}.
```

.Procedure

> . Uninstall the Red Hat Cloud plugin on {ProjectServer}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Uninstall the Red{nbsp}Hat Cloud plugin on {ProjectServer}:
```

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --no-enable-foreman-plugin-rh-cloud
----

> . Remove the Red Hat Cloud package and its dependencies from {ProjectServer}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Remove the Red{nbsp}Hat Cloud package and its dependencies from {ProjectServer}:
```

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {project-package-remove} rubygem-foreman_rh_cloud
----
. Restart the {Project} services:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} service restart
----

. Verification

> * In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *About* and select the *Plugins* tab to verify it does not list the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *About*.
. On the *Plugins* tab, verify that it does not list the `foreman_rh_cloud` plugin.
```

We usually split the "navigate to X > Y" part into its own bullet point; I suggest to align to this.

> :_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer: This one only shows up for upstream right?

Author: Correct.

Reviewer: Looks good to me then

[id="disabling-hosted-{insights-id}"]
= Disabling hosted {Insights}

[role="_abstract"]
If you do not want to use the hosted {Insights} services in the {RHCloud}, you can disable the integration between {Project} and the {RHCloud}.

.Prerequisites
* The Red{nbsp}Hat Cloud plugin is installed on {ProjectServer}.

.Procedure
. Uninstall the Red{nbsp}Hat Cloud plugin on {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --no-enable-foreman-plugin-rh-cloud
----
. Remove the Red{nbsp}Hat Cloud package and its dependencies from {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {project-package-remove} rubygem-foreman_rh_cloud
----
. Restart the {Project} services:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} service restart
----

> . Verification

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Verification
```
